Updating system requirements for the AR toolkit (#341)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-toolkit-qt: Common/AR/README.md

  real-world coordinate
- Eases access to ARKit, ARCore, and `LocationDataSource` delegate
  methods
  
### System Requirements

> iOS 11 is the mimumum requirement. Devices must support ARKit. For details about using ARKit, please refer to [Apple's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
iOS 11 is the minimum requirement. Devices must support ARKit. For details about using ARKit, please refer to [Apple's
```

Typo

> iOS 11 64-bit is the mimumum requirement. Devices must support ARKit. For details about using ARKit, please refer to [Apple's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
iOS 11 is the minimum requirement. Devices must support ARKit. For details about using ARKit, please refer to [Apple's
```

I think we can drop the "64-bit" part. iOS 11 dropped support for 32-bit apps.

Author: updated
